docs(lb): review lb doc (#2616)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/data-sources/lb_certificate.md

The following arguments are supported:

- `certificate_id` - (Optional) The certificate ID.
    - Only one of `name` and `certificate_id` should be specified.

> - `name` - (Optional) The name of the certificate backend.

Author: @yfodil Should this be "frontend", since certificates are not attached to a backend, but a frontend? It's not very clear to me

Reviewer: Yes certs are bind to frontends, maybe change it to something like:
```suggestion
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the Load Balancer certificate.
```
